[global]
monitor = 0
follow = mouse

width = 360
height = 650

offset = 18x18
indicate_hidden = yes

shrink = yes

separator_height = 2
separator_color = auto

padding = 12
horizontal_padding = 12

frame_width = 2

font = JetBrains Mono Nerd Font Normal 13

sort = no
idle_threshold = 120

line_height = 4
markup = full
format = "<b>%s</b>\n%b"
alignment = left
vertical_alignment = top
show_age_threshold = 60
word_wrap = yes
ignore_newline = no
stack_duplicates = false
hide_duplicate_count = yes
show_indicators = yes
ellipsize = middle
icon_position = right
max_icon_size = 80
sticky_history = yes
history_length = 20
browser = x-www-browser -new-tab
always_run_script = true
title = Dunst
class = Dunst
progress_bar = true
progress_bar_height = 10
corner_radius = 3

[shortcuts]
close = ctrl+shift+space
close_all = ctrl+shift+space
history = ctrl+grave
context = ctrl+shift+period

[urgency_low]
timeout = 8
background = "#181825"
foreground = "#cdd6f4"
frame_color = "#a6e3a1"
highlight = "#a6e3a1"

[urgency_normal]
timeout = 8
background = "#181825"
foreground = "#cdd6f4"
frame_color = "#a6e3a1"
highlight = "#a6e3a1"

[urgency_critical]
timeout = 0
background = "#181825"
foreground = "#f38ba8"
frame_color = "#a6e3a1"
highlight = "#a6e3a1"

[media_controls]
appname = "mediactl"
timeout = 2
